here we go already got jumping grab were
you knew oh damn Fred I tried to grab it
but I think I was too early in my job if
I was too damn early in my job yeah oh
no I'm dying next are rubbing off on me
there's stuff up there I have no clue
how to get up there I don't think we can
get up there yet unless we go yeah no
yeah no I thought we've been going
through the hole but i guess not whoa
that scared me here we go say hold on
boys you do know screw you I bet we
could find this yep
ah ok I think we're supposed to head
right so maybe we should go left first
um get over here so I can properly do
whatever the secret is there Oh nervous
about that bouncing us up whoa okay do
we got a ton of Secrets right here nice
cool all right so far so good except for
the five hundred dance yeah just mean
nothing it's about getting the items
yeah we're dying without getting items
though
ah oh whoa jump quick sorry
not sure with that actually Dave I'll
let maybe a broader Oh basic cold so you
can Clark crawl I I see hurry oh I
didn't know that yeah I'm bet you did oh
oh I didn't know that either god Phil
you played the first two fucking games
this is Owen your foes I wasn't good at
them yeah electric thing behind what do
I leave behind a prize see what is that
it's an item know what it was should
play this shit solo should play it so
long I would have lived oh look at
something probably need two people for
oh how do you do this oh there we go
there you go oh no oh no you want to
bring me back what I'm getting items oh
yeah but you're gonna need my help to
get some and there's a sticker placement
we have to stay her for it uh what does
it look like I don't know it's wrath a
round sticker I probably a moon or
something I don't know shit oh maybe not
circle dare try it
nope I don't think that's it it's
glowing red so I don't think that's it
no this one maybe
now it's right anyway
yeah now they don't have it one that it
wasn't going green no I don't get is
well I don't know if that meant anything
i don't know i was will hear a
replacement I was looking great sorry
gotta be a moon or something then maybe
it's a circle weeding dad damn because I
know those lead to secrets yeah I
probably would open up those on top ok
believe if you come bring me back now I
don't think I we have it now
there we go you do not have it yeah
probably releases those things over
there
Oh ready yep nice super jump super job
see a sticker in the foreground over
here haha nice new materials whoa nice
both Gotham
one of these staircases looks like this
is gonna open up underneath us too oh no
except you oh my god nice face oh crap
no oh there yeah how can you grab it oh
I didn't know I could have an see how
you do it then I am not doing well and
again I upon complain littlebigplanet
we're played on the ps4 a little big
tail jump I am look barely c'mere native
great jumping skills ville there's one
little about this
huh i don't know i don't think we can
get I think we had an opportunity and
get it but can't get it now
what the hell is cats fucking cat you
see I'm blues I motherfucker up
ok oh boy
oh the Catwoman Oh brutal murder the
cats murder them hey you stand on one
toe sandal the other damn well that was
terrible look that was absolutely
terrible ninety percent ninety percent
of items at least we're completing the
levels with gold we at least get those
bonus items